packages/gallery/docs/BASE.md, before:

### Items
For the code you generated to work you need to do just one more thing - provide it with a list of objects, each containing at least an id, dto, and metadata:
```jsx
const items = [
  { // Image item:
    itemId: 'sample-id',
    mediaUrl: 'sample-image-url',
    metaData: {
      type: 'image',
      height: 200,
      width: 100,
      title: 'sample-title',
      description: 'sample-description',
      focalPoint: [0, 0],
      link: {
        url: 'http://example.com',
        target: '_blank'
      },
    }
  },
  { // Video item:
    itemId: 'sample-id',
    mediaUrl: 'sample-video-url',
    metaData: {
      type: 'video',
      height: 200,
      width: 100,
  		poster: 'sample-image-url',
      title: 'sample-title',
      description: 'sample-description',
      focalPoint: [0, 0],
      link: {
        url: 'http://example.com',
        target: '_blank'
      },
    }
  },
  { // HTML item:
    itemId: 'sample-id',
    html: "<div style='width: 300px; height: 200px; background:pink;'>I am a text block</div>",
    metadata: {
      type: "text",
      height: 200,
      width: 300,
      title: 'sample-title',
      description: 'sample-description',
      backgroundColor: 'pink'
    },

  },
  {...},
  {...}
]
```

### Container
An object containing the width and height (in pixels) of the gallery.
These values should change when the container resizes, to allow the gallery to be responsive.
```js
const container = {
  width: 1000,
  height: 500,
}
```
The `width` and `height` values represent the size of the gallery. Thus, the gallery will size inner items to fit exactly into that size. Notice that when `infiniteScroll` is enabled, vertical galleries will ignore the `height` parameter and horizontal galleries will ignore the `width` parameter.

### domId
A unique Id for the gallery. Use this if you plan to display multiple galleries on the same page, or when using SSR - to make sure the gallery does not "flicker" in the hydrate phase.

### Scrolling Element
The DOM element inside which the gallery is scrolled (defaults to `window`). If the gallery is scrolled inside a different element, pass its dom reference in this property. You can also pass a function that returns that dom element.
*notice:* this is relevant to vertical galleries only. Horizontal galleries (e.g. slideshow) are handling the scroll themselves.

### Events Listener
A callback function that gets called whenever something happens in the gallery. This allows you to react to specific events.
The most important events are:

| Event Name        |  Description  |
| --------------- | ----------- |
| `GALLERY_CHANGE`  | Fired whenever the gallery finished rendering, usually after the props were changed. This event contains the structure data of the gallery. |
| `ITEM_ACTION_TRIGGERED`  | Fired whenever one of the items is clicked or tapped and the gallery cannot handle the action itself (e.g. open an expanded view). |
| `NEED_MORE_ITEMS`  | Fired whenever the gallery is scrolled near its last item. If you are using a pagination server, this is the event that should trigger the next page and re-render the gallery with new items. |

The full list of the gallery events is [here](https://github.com/wix-incubator/pro-gallery/blob/master/packages/gallery/src/common/constants/events.js).

### Custom Renderers
The Gallery supports custom renderers both for the Hover Element (appears when hovering over an item) and the Info Element (appears below / above an item).
To replace the default rendering of these elements, pass a function that will receive the props of an item and that in turn should return a JSX element. For example:
```
<ProGallery
  {...otherProps}
  customHoverRenderer={itemProps => <div>Hover #{itemProps.idx}</div>}
  customInfoRenderer={itemProps => <div>Info #{itemProps.idx}</div>}
  customLoadMoreRenderer={galleryProps => <button>Load More</button>}
/>
```

Commit message:

some changes to base vs collage

packages/gallery/docs/BASE.md, after:

##  Base Props

| PROP | TYPE | DEFAULT | DESCRIPTION
|--|--|--|--|--|
| domId | string | '' | A unique identifier for the gallery [read more](###domId)
| items | [objects] | [] | The list of items to render [read more](###items)
| container | object | parent dimensions | The width and height of the gallery [read more](###container)
| scrollingElement | Element | window | The element that scrolls throught the gallery [read more](###Scrolling-Element)
| eventsListener | function | noop | A function that receives the gallery events [read more](###Events-Listener)

## More info

### Items
For the code you generated to work you need to do just one more thing - provide it with a list of objects, each containing at least an id, dto, and metadata:
```jsx
const items = [
  { // Image item:
    itemId: 'sample-id',
    mediaUrl: 'sample-image-url',
    metaData: {
      type: 'image',
      height: 200,
      width: 100,
      title: 'sample-title',
      description: 'sample-description',
      focalPoint: [0, 0],
      link: {
        url: 'http://example.com',
        target: '_blank'
      },
    }
  },
  { // Video item:
    itemId: 'sample-id',
    mediaUrl: 'sample-video-url',
    metaData: {
      type: 'video',
      height: 200,
      width: 100,
  		poster: 'sample-image-url',
      title: 'sample-title',
      description: 'sample-description',
      focalPoint: [0, 0],
      link: {
        url: 'http://example.com',
        target: '_blank'
      },
    }
  },
  { // HTML item:
    itemId: 'sample-id',
    html: "<div style='width: 300px; height: 200px; background:pink;'>I am a text block</div>",
    metadata: {
      type: "text",
      height: 200,
      width: 300,
      title: 'sample-title',
      description: 'sample-description',
      backgroundColor: 'pink'
    },

  },
  {...},
  {...}
]
```

### Container
An object containing the width and height (in pixels) of the gallery.
These values should change when the container resizes, to allow the gallery to be responsive.
```js
const container = {
  width: 1000,
  height: 500,
}
```
The `width` and `height` values represent the size of the gallery. Thus, the gallery will size inner items to fit exactly into that size. Notice that when `infiniteScroll` is enabled, vertical galleries will ignore the `height` parameter and horizontal galleries will ignore the `width` parameter.

### domId
A unique Id for the gallery. Use this if you plan to display multiple galleries on the same page, or when using SSR - to make sure the gallery does not "flicker" in the hydrate phase.

### Scrolling Element
The DOM element inside which the gallery is scrolled (defaults to `window`). If the gallery is scrolled inside a different element, pass its dom reference in this property. You can also pass a function that returns that dom element.
*notice:* this is relevant to vertical galleries only. Horizontal galleries (e.g. slideshow) are handling the scroll themselves.

### Events Listener
A callback function that gets called whenever something happens in the gallery. This allows you to react to specific events.
The most important events are:

| Event Name        |  Description  |
| --------------- | ----------- |
| `GALLERY_CHANGE`  | Fired whenever the gallery finished rendering, usually after the props were changed. This event contains the structure data of the gallery. |
| `ITEM_ACTION_TRIGGERED`  | Fired whenever one of the items is clicked or tapped and the gallery cannot handle the action itself (e.g. open an expanded view). |
| `NEED_MORE_ITEMS`  | Fired whenever the gallery is scrolled near its last item. If you are using a pagination server, this is the event that should trigger the next page and re-render the gallery with new items. |

The full list of the gallery events is [here](https://github.com/wix-incubator/pro-gallery/blob/master/packages/gallery/src/common/constants/events.js).

### Custom Renderers
The Gallery supports custom renderers both for the Hover Element (appears when hovering over an item) and the Info Element (appears below / above an item).
To replace the default rendering of these elements, pass a function that will receive the props of an item and that in turn should return a JSX element. For example:
```
<ProGallery
  {...otherProps}
  customHoverRenderer={itemProps => <div>Hover #{itemProps.idx}</div>}
  customInfoRenderer={itemProps => <div>Info #{itemProps.idx}</div>}
  customLoadMoreRenderer={galleryProps => <button>Load More</button>}
/>
```
